acanthis flammea
accipiter gentilis
acrocephalus arundinaceus
acrocephalus dumetorum
acrocephalus palustris
acrocephalus schoenobaenus
acrocephalus scirpaceus
actitis hypoleucos
aegithalos caudatus
alauda arvensis
alca torda
alectoris rufa
anas crecca
anas penelope
anas platyrhynchos
anser anser
anthus cervinus
anthus hodgsoni
anthus pratensis
anthus trivialis
apus apus
ardea cinerea
arenaria interpres
asio otus
athene noctua
bombycilla garrulus
botaurus stellaris
branta canadensis
branta leucopsis
bubo bubo
bucephala clangula
buteo buteo
calidris alpina
calidris temminckii
caprimulgus europaeus
carduelis carduelis
carpodacus erythrinus
certhia brachydactyla
certhia familiaris
cettia cetti
charadrius dubius
charadrius hiaticula
chloris chloris
circus aeruginosus
coccothraustes coccothraustes
coloeus monedula
columba palumbus
corvus corax
corvus cornix
corvus corone
corvus frugilegus
coturnix coturnix
crex crex
cuculus canorus
cyanistes caeruleus
cygnus olor
delichon urbicum
dendrocopos leucotos
dendrocopos major
dendrocopos medius
dendrocopos minor
dryocopus martius
emberiza calandra
emberiza cia
emberiza cirlus
emberiza citrinella
emberiza hortulana
emberiza pusilla
emberiza rustica
emberiza schoeniclus
erithacus rubecula
falco tinnunculus
ficedula albicollis
ficedula hypoleuca
ficedula parva
fringilla coelebs
fringilla montifringilla
fulica atra
galerida cristata
gallinago gallinago
gallinula chloropus
garrulus glandarius
gavia stellata
glaucidium passerinum
haematopus ostralegus
hippolais icterina
hippolais polyglotta
hirundo rustica
jynx torquilla
lanius collurio
larus argentatus
larus canus
larus fuscus
larus ridibundus
limosa limosa
linaria cannabina
locustella fluviatilis
locustella luscinioides
locustella naevia
lophophanes cristatus
loxia curvirostra
loxia leucoptera
lullula arborea
luscinia luscinia
luscinia megarhynchos
luscinia svecica
merops apiaster
morus bassanus
motacilla alba
motacilla cinerea
motacilla flava
numenius arquata
oriolus oriolus
panurus biarmicus
parus major
passer domesticus
passer montanus
perdix perdix
periparus ater
phasianus colchicus
phoenicurus ochruros
phoenicurus phoenicurus
phylloscopus collybita
phylloscopus inornatus
phylloscopus sibilatrix
phylloscopus trochiloides
phylloscopus trochilus
pica pica
picoides tridactylus
picus canus
picus viridis
pluvialis apricaria
podiceps cristatus
poecile montanus
poecile palustris
porzana porzana
prunella modularis
puffinus puffinus
pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax
pyrrhula pyrrhula
rallus aquaticus
recurvirostra avosetta
regulus ignicapilla
regulus regulus
remiz pendulinus
riparia riparia
rissa tridactyla
saxicola rubetra
saxicola rubicola
scolopax rusticola
serinus serinus
setophaga striata
sitta europaea
spinus spinus
sterna hirundo
streptopelia decaocto
streptopelia turtur
strix aluco
sturnus vulgaris
sylvia atricapilla
sylvia borin
sylvia cantillans
sylvia communis
sylvia curruca
sylvia melanocephala
sylvia undata
tachybaptus ruficollis
tadorna tadorna
tetrastes bonasia
tringa glareola
tringa nebularia
tringa ochropus
tringa totanus
troglodytes troglodytes
turdus iliacus
turdus merula
turdus philomelos
turdus pilaris
turdus viscivorus
tyto alba
vanellus vanellus
xenus cinereus
